android.support.annotation.Keep
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope[] values()
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.design.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int background
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int color
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.design.R$attr: int divider
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int expanded
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int fabSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int headerLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int height
android.support.design.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int icon
android.support.design.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int insetForeground
android.support.design.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout
android.support.design.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int logo
android.support.design.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$attr: int menu
android.support.design.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int rippleColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.design.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.design.R$attr: int showText
android.support.design.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.design.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.design.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorError
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$attr: int theme
android.support.design.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int title
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarId
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int track
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_error
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$id: int action0
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.design.R$id: int action_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_image
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.design.R$id: int action_text
android.support.design.R$id: int actions
android.support.design.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.design.R$id: int add
android.support.design.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int all
android.support.design.R$id: int always
android.support.design.R$id: int auto
android.support.design.R$id: int beginning
android.support.design.R$id: int bottom
android.support.design.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.design.R$id: int center
android.support.design.R$id: int center_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int center_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.design.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.design.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int custom
android.support.design.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.design.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.design.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
android.support.design.R$id: int design_navigation_view
android.support.design.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.design.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.design.R$id: int end
android.support.design.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlways
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.design.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.design.R$id: int fill
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int fixed
android.support.design.R$id: int home
android.support.design.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.design.R$id: int icon
android.support.design.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.design.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.design.R$id: int image
android.support.design.R$id: int info
android.support.design.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.design.R$id: int largeLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int left
android.support.design.R$id: int line1
android.support.design.R$id: int line3
android.support.design.R$id: int listMode
android.support.design.R$id: int list_item
android.support.design.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.design.R$id: int middle
android.support.design.R$id: int mini
android.support.design.R$id: int multiply
android.support.design.R$id: int navigation_header_container
android.support.design.R$id: int never
android.support.design.R$id: int none
android.support.design.R$id: int normal
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.design.R$id: int parallax
android.support.design.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int pin
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int radio
android.support.design.R$id: int right
android.support.design.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int right_side
android.support.design.R$id: int screen
android.support.design.R$id: int scroll
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollable
android.support.design.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.design.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int search_button
android.support.design.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.design.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.design.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.design.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.design.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.design.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.design.R$id: int showHome
android.support.design.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int smallLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_action
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_text
android.support.design.R$id: int snap
android.support.design.R$id: int spacer
android.support.design.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.design.R$id: int src_in
android.support.design.R$id: int src_over
android.support.design.R$id: int start
android.support.design.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.design.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.design.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.design.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$id: int text
android.support.design.R$id: int text2
android.support.design.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.design.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$id: int time
android.support.design.R$id: int title
android.support.design.R$id: int title_template
android.support.design.R$id: int top
android.support.design.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int touch_outside
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.design.R$id: int up
android.support.design.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.design.R$id: int view_offset_helper
android.support.design.R$id: int withText
android.support.design.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.design.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
android.support.design.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.design.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
android.support.design.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.design.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemPosition(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: int getItemPosition()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setShiftingMode(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemBackground(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemBackgroundRes(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getItemBackgroundRes()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationPresenter)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView getNewItem()
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray
android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: ScrimInsetsFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: ScrimInsetsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: ScrimInsetsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: AppBarLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: AppBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setOnNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getMaxItemCount()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getItemBackgroundResource()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: CollapsingToolbarLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: CollapsingToolbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: CollapsingToolbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimsShown(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAlpha(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getCollapsedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getCollapsedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getExpandedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginStart()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginTop()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimVisibleHeightTrigger(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimVisibleHeightTrigger()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAnimationDuration(long)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: long getScrimAnimationDuration()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: int getHeaderCount()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getItemBackground()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnLayoutChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: float getScrollPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabCount()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getSelectedTabPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabMode(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMode()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabGravity()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabTextColors()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabsFromPagerAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabView(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getDefaultHeight()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMinWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMaxWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout
android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout: PercentRelativeLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout: PercentRelativeLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.percent.PercentRelativeLayout: PercentRelativeLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_aspectRatio
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_heightPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginBottomPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginEndPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginLeftPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginRightPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginStartPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_marginTopPercent
android.support.percent.R$attr: int layout_widthPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int[] PercentLayout_Layout
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_aspectRatio
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_heightPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginBottomPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginEndPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginLeftPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginRightPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginStartPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginTopPercent
android.support.percent.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_widthPercent
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread: BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb: BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityJB: BaseFragmentActivityJB()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver: WakefulBroadcastReceiver()
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState$1
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceLeft(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceRight(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.Space
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorViewAlpha(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewStartOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewEndOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSize(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setAnimationProgress(float)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorScheme(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeResources(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeColors(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressCircleDiameter()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnChildScrollUpCallback(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnChildScrollUpCallback)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV9$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV9$PanelFeatureState$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action0
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int add
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int always
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int beginning
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int middle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int never
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int withText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardBackgroundColor
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardCornerRadius
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardElevation
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardMaxElevation
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardPreventCornerOverlap
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int cardUseCompatPadding
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int contentPadding
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int contentPaddingBottom
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int contentPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int contentPaddingRight
android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr: int contentPaddingTop
android.support.v7.cardview.R$color: int cardview_dark_background
android.support.v7.cardview.R$color: int cardview_light_background
android.support.v7.cardview.R$color: int cardview_shadow_end_color
android.support.v7.cardview.R$color: int cardview_shadow_start_color
android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen: int cardview_compat_inset_shadow
android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen: int cardview_default_elevation
android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen: int cardview_default_radius
android.support.v7.cardview.R$style: int Base_CardView
android.support.v7.cardview.R$style: int CardView
android.support.v7.cardview.R$style: int CardView_Dark
android.support.v7.cardview.R$style: int CardView_Light
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int[] CardView
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardBackgroundColor
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardCornerRadius
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardElevation
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardMaxElevation
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardPreventCornerOverlap
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_cardUseCompatPadding
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPadding
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingBottom
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingRight
android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingTop
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int alignmentMode
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int columnCount
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int columnOrderPreserved
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_column
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_columnSpan
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_columnWeight
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_gravity
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_row
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_rowSpan
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int layout_rowWeight
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int orientation
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int rowCount
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int rowOrderPreserved
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$attr: int useDefaultMargins
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$dimen: int default_gap
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int alignBounds
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int alignMargins
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int center
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int center_horizontal
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int center_vertical
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int clip_horizontal
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int clip_vertical
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int fill
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int fill_horizontal
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int fill_vertical
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int horizontal
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int left
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int right
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int start
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$id: int vertical
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int[] GridLayout
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int[] GridLayout_Layout
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_margin
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginBottom
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginLeft
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginRight
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginTop
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_column
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_columnSpan
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_columnWeight
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_row
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_rowSpan
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_rowWeight
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_alignmentMode
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_columnCount
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_columnOrderPreserved
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_orientation
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_rowCount
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_rowOrderPreserved
android.support.v7.gridlayout.R$styleable: int GridLayout_useDefaultMargins
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel getDataModel()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setInitialActivityCount(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow getListPopupWindow()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setMinimumWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setRadius(float)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: float getRadius()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setCardElevation(float)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: float getCardElevation()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: float getMaxCardElevation()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: boolean getPreventCornerOverlap()
android.support.v7.widget.CardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: GridLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: GridLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: GridLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: int getOrientation()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: int getRowCount()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setRowCount(int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: int getColumnCount()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setColumnCount(int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: boolean getUseDefaultMargins()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setUseDefaultMargins(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: int getAlignmentMode()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setAlignmentMode(int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setRowOrderPreserved(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setColumnOrderPreserved(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: android.util.Printer getPrinter()
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayout: void setPrinter(android.util.Printer)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(android.support.v7.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: float getScrollFactor()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchMinWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchMinWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTextPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbTextPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTrackDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTrackTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getTrackTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getThumbDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getThumbTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getThumbTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSplitTrack(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getSplitTrack()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOn()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOff()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setShowText(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getShowText()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getTargetCheckedState()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbPosition(float)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingRight()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbScrollRange()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int auto
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int center
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int none
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int normal
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int radio
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int text
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int text2
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int toolbar
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int wrap_content
com.google.android.gms.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.DowngradeableSafeParcel
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable: java.lang.String NULL
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastSafeParcelableJsonResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.StatsEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: FlagProviderImpl()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: void init(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: boolean getBooleanFlagValue(java.lang.String,boolean,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: int getIntFlagValue(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: long getLongFlagValue(java.lang.String,long,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: java.lang.String getStringFlagValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaoq[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapi: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapi[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaqq: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaqq[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: zzvt$zza()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement getInstance(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void registerOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void unregisterOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver: AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver: AppMeasurementReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService: AppMeasurementService()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMetadata
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMetadata: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParams
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParams: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParcel
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.UserAttributeParcel
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.UserAttributeParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Configuration
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Configuration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Flag
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Flag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService: FirebaseInstanceIdService()
com.google.firebase.iid.zzb: zzb()
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService: FirebaseMessagingService()
com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage
com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: CircleImageView(android.content.Context)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: CircleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: CircleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setAdjustViewBounds(boolean)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getBorderColor()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderColor(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderColorResource(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getFillColor()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setFillColor(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setFillColorResource(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getBorderWidth()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderWidth(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderOverlay(boolean)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setDisableCircularTransformation(boolean)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageResource(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr: int civ_border_color
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr: int civ_border_overlay
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr: int civ_border_width
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr: int civ_fill_color
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable: int[] CircleImageView
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_color
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_overlay
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_width
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_fill_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.AboutActivity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.AboutActivity: AboutActivity()
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.MainActivity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.MainActivity: MainActivity()
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.MyFirebaseInstanceIDService
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.MyFirebaseInstanceIDService: MyFirebaseInstanceIDService()
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_fab_in
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_fab_out
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int actionViewClass
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alignmentMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int allowStacking
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int backgroundTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int barLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int borderWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardBackgroundColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardCornerRadius
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardElevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardMaxElevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardPreventCornerOverlap
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int cardUseCompatPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int civ_border_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int civ_border_overlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int civ_border_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int civ_fill_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int closeIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int collapseIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorAccent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorPrimary
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int columnCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int columnOrderPreserved
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int commitIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentPaddingBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentPaddingLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentPaddingRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentPaddingTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int contentScrim
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int controlBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int counterEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int displayOptions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dividerPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dividerVertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int drawableSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int editTextBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int editTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int editTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int errorEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expanded
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int fabSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int goIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int headerLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int hintEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int homeLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int insetForeground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int isLightTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int itemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int itemIconTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int itemPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int itemTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int keylines
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layoutManager
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_anchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_aspectRatio
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_behavior
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_column
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_columnSpan
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_columnWeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_heightPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_keyline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginBottomPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginEndPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginLeftPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginRightPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginStartPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_marginTopPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_row
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_rowSpan
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_rowWeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int layout_widthPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int logo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int logoDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int navigationIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int navigationMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int orientation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int paddingEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int paddingStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int panelBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int popupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int queryBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int queryHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int reverseLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int rippleColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int rowCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int rowOrderPreserved
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int searchIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int showAsAction
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int showDividers
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int showText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int spanCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int spinBars
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int splitTrack
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int srcCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int state_collapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int state_collapsible
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int submitBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int switchPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int switchStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabContentStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tabTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAllCaps
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textColorError
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int theme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int thickness
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int thumbTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tickMark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMargin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleMargins
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int toolbarId
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int track
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int trackTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int trackTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int useDefaultMargins
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int voiceIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_default
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int accent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int accent_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int accent_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int background_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int background_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int button_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int button_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int cardview_dark_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int cardview_light_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int cardview_shadow_end_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int cardview_shadow_start_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_error
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int foreground_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int icons
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_100
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_300
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_50
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_600
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_800
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_850
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int material_grey_900
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int ripple_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int secondary_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int app_bar_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int cardview_compat_inset_shadow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int cardview_default_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int cardview_default_radius
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int default_gap
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int fab_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int nav_header_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int nav_header_vertical_spacing
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$dimen: int text_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int auto_fix
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int avatar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int coffee
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int email_open_outline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int human_male
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_camera
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_gallery
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_manage
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_send
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_share
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_menu_slideshow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_share
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_thumb_down
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int ic_thumb_up
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int information_outline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int share
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int side_nav_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int thumb_down
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$drawable: int thumb_up
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int about
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action0
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_root
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_bar_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_context_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_image
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_menu_divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_mode_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int action_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int actions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int add
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int alertTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int alignBounds
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int alignMargins
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int all
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int always
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int app_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int author
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int auto
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int beginning
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int bottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int buttonPanel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int cancel_action
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int card_view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int center
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int center_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int center_vertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int changelog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int checkbox
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int chronometer
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int clip_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int clip_vertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int collapseActionView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int contentPanel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int custom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int customPanel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int decor_content_parent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int default_activity_button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int definition
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int definition_placeholder
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int design_navigation_view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int disableHome
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int down
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int drawer_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int edit_query
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int end
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int end_padder
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int enterAlways
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int expand_activities_button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int expanded_menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int fab
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int fill
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int fill_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int fill_vertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int fixed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int home
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int homeAsUp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int icon_group
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int ifRoom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int image
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int imageView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int info
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int item_layout_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int largeLabel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int left
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int line1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int line3
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int listMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int list_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int media_actions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int middle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int mini
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int multiply
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int nav_share
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int nav_view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int navigation_header_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int never
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int none
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int normal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int notification_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int notification_main_column
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int parallax
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int parent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int parentPanel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int pin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int progress_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int progress_circular
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int progress_horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int radio
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int right
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int right_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int right_side
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int screen
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int scroll
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int scrollView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int scrollable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_badge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_close_btn
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_edit_frame
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_go
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_go_btn
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_mag_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_plate
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_src_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int search_voice_btn
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int share_def
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int shortcut
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int showCustom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int showHome
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int showTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int smallLabel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int snackbar_action
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int snackbar_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int snap
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int space
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int spacer
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int split_action_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int src_atop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int src_in
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int src_over
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int start
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int submenuarrow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int submit_area
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int tabMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int text2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int textView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int time
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int title_template
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int toolbar_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int top
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int topPanel
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int touch_outside
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int transition_current_scene
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int up
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int useLogo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int vertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int view_offset_helper
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int votes_grid
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int votes_grid_internal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int withText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$id: int wrap_content
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_search_view
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int activity_about
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int activity_main
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int app_bar_main
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int content_about
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int content_main
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int definition_inner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int definition_row
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int nav_header_main
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_action
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_media_action
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$menu: int activity_main_drawer
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_capital_off
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_capital_on
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_search_hint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int action_settings
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int app_name
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int author
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int author_name
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int changes
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int default_web_client_id
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int definition_placeholder
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int down_votes
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int firebase_database_url
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int gcm_defaultSenderId
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int go
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int google_api_key
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int google_app_id
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int google_crash_reporting_api_key
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int google_storage_bucket
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int image_defn
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int large_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int navigation_drawer_close
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int navigation_drawer_open
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int number_of_downvotes_in_the_definition
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int number_of_upvotes_on_definition
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int search_hint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int search_menu_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int share_img_desc
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int title_activity_about
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int up_votes
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$string: int urban_dictionary
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AppTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AppTheme_AppBarOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AppTheme_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int AppTheme_PopupOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_CardView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int CardView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int CardView_Dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int CardView_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int CollapsedAppBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int CollapsedAppBarPlus1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ExpandedAppBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ExpandedAppBarPlus1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CardView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardBackgroundColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardCornerRadius
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardElevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardMaxElevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardPreventCornerOverlap
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_cardUseCompatPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CircleImageView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_overlay
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_border_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_civ_fill_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] GridLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_alignmentMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_columnCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_columnOrderPreserved
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_orientation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_rowCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_rowOrderPreserved
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_useDefaultMargins
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] GridLayout_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_margin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_marginTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_android_layout_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_column
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_columnSpan
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_columnWeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_row
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_rowSpan
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int GridLayout_Layout_layout_rowWeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] PercentLayout_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_aspectRatio
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_heightPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginBottomPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginEndPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginLeftPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginRightPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginStartPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_marginTopPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PercentLayout_Layout_layout_widthPercent
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] View
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int View_theme
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.VoteService
xyz.sayangoswami.urbandictionary.VoteService: VoteService()
